As the leader in fountain beverages,
Coca-Cola Freestyle has developed the latest in contact-free dispensing.
All Coca-Cola beverage dispensers are safe to
use with the recommended care and cleaning,
but in the current climate,
people may be seeking touchless options as
they return to their favorite restaurants,
grocery stores,
and convenience stores.
Coca-Cola Freestyle is introducing Mobile Pour,
a new way for your guests to pour their favorite drinks
using their smartphone.
No app downloads or memberships required.
Let's see how it works.
First,
the guest places their glass under the dispenser and
scans the QR code using their smartphone camera.
Next,
they tap the pop-up banner,
opening a new browser window where they will
see all 32 beverage brands at their fingertips.
Then they'll select their favorite brand,
like Coca-Cola,
and a flavor like Cherry Coke.
As they press and hold the pour button,
their drink is filled within seconds.
With Coca-Cola Freestyle's advanced capabilities,
we're staying a step ahead on contact-free solutions
and plan to start implementing them across all Freestyle
platforms this summer.